hey guys is Jake from everyday
technology and today we have a quick
unboxing of the media devil magic screen
back protector now all this is this is a
jewel tone glossy and matte screen
protector for the back of your iPhone
and received this in the mail today and
just go you're not going to see can't
see any of my paperwork will hunt me
down that's nice they gave me some my
mom sweets Oh yell Malaya um okay you
also got a little flyer about their
other products cases etc we don't need
to know below because what we're here
for today is the magic screen protector
for the back okay so looking around it
it is as you see it this is it on the
back excuse me I'll dear get on the back
it says list of features that's easy to
apply makeup it doesn't tear doing the
application Finn strong and rigid
fingerprint or a fingerprint reduction
and eclair protection leaving and
markings when removed there's no sticky
residue and trapped dust can be removed
using a teaser fatigue so as you can see
here it's just gone little diagram of
how it's all made up etc inside the pack
we have two screen protectors I didn't
actually know that only follows one in
the pack you get microfiber cloth and a
squeegee so let's have a look inside so
this is going to cost you from the
region while from the actual media devil
website cost you seven pounds
ninety seven eight pounds that's going
to cost you around ten twelve dollars
from the USA cess open this up ok so
here I looks things you've just got the
installation guide pop up to one side
and here we actual have the actual
health we actually have the back
protector itself I keep calling a screen
protector that's actually a back
protector ok so here we have my school
nice little 2013 calendar item and we
got the nice meet a devil microfiber
these are good quality work fibers and
then we have two of the screen
protectors so warm up one side we'll
just focus on one of these these out of
the packet okay so this one gets a fits
out
right how it works is you have your main
back pit back pit back bit so that
covers the aluminium part of their ties
oh this bit is meant to be the map bit
there's no reflection or anything and
then you have your top bit for the glass
bit and you've got the camera cut out
there since see that give something
black
you can see you got the camera collar
and the flash as well and then this is
meant to be the glossy bit of sleazy
iphone the top and the bottom is meant
to be glossy so there is that was the
quick unboxing have a quick unboxing of
the magic screen from media devil wears
the back protector there's going to be a
installation video here right here click
it if you liked this video give a like
subscribe for more got any queries
questions or anything about anything
related to technology you can give us
the inbox or in the comments below or
you can even email us at 365 day
technology at gmail com